# Personality

Carl Yung was a Swiss Psychiatrist, he developed ideas about personality types. He identified two of them which he called introverts and extroverts. According to Jung, extroverts find meaning outside themselves, they seem to like other people, also enjoy the excitement of crows. However, introverts are introspective, they avoid large crows, they relaxed, thoughtful and reflect before they act. Jung's influence on our society and culture been enormous. His ideas have influenced people around all the world. Martin Streel is 62 years old and was born in Slovenia. He's overweight, but he's professional marathon swimmer with five Guinness world records. He swam one of longest rivers on the planet. During the swim he was having infections in his stomach, a larva infection in his brain, hallucination, he was even attacked by piranhas in the Amazon, but miraculously survived. Martin started swimming to escape his father violence. In the beginning he feels a lot of pain, but in the Danube he found a way: he goes in a kind of meditation and don't feel pain anymore. Martin wants to change the world, because these days water is bad: it contains dead bodies and pollution. Nowadays, psychologists are becoming very interested in charisma and want to redefine its meaning. One well-known American psychologist thinks that charismatic people are basically brilliant communicators. However, they have other qualities such as sensivity, self-confidence, eloquence and vision. Charismatic personalities are able to draw people to them, and people feel happy in their company. A good example of charismatic peoples, some say, is the famous American, Oprah Winfred, she is a highly successful businesswoman, she is able to relate the audiences at her shows and they respond well to her. Also woman with extraordinary charisma was the fild star, Marilyn Monroe. A beatiful woman and a talented actress, whe was always the centre of attention wherever she went. Another good examples is ex-President of United States Bill Clinton, he is so effective at givint talks because he has a charisma.
# Marie Curie

Marie Curie was a pioneer in the field of radiation research and the first woman to win the Noberl Prize in two different categories, she was born in Poland, she had to study underground, because she wasn't able to be accepted into the men-only University of Warsaw. Then she had to leave country to get PhD, also she was the first woman to receive PhD from a French University. After came to parents she met Pierre Curie for shared lab space and they were married. They had two daughters, and one of them retrained to be Marie Curie assistant and later won a Nobel Prize. Marie Curie and her husband began studying the radiation and uranium, discovered the ability to isolate the radioactive elements which came from pitchbelnde, also they discovered two new radioactive elements radium and polonium. Pierre Curei died from a horse carriage accident, Murray continued their work and was offered her husband's teaching position becoming the first female professor at Sorbonne. Curie's research was key in understanding the effect of radioactivity and in quantifying those effects on living cells. Marie Curie made history again when she was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911 she was the first woman to win two Nobel prizes. Curie founded the radium Institute to continue her research. Due to her prolonged exposure to radiation she contracted leukemia and died in 1934.